---
layout: post
title: Week 9 Blog Post
---

# Part 1 Video

Inner source seemed really ideal strategy for the startup to me.  
Since typical startup lacks workers but have a lot of works to do,  
key to success is ownership and deep understanding.  
If the sub-projects are formed as Inner source and the leader promotes  
the inner-source-like culture for the team, both ownership and understanding will be covered.  
The discussion we had during the end of the class was very interesting.  
Since the inner source leaves the project(baby) as nobody's baby,  
people involved into this project may have less responsibility or lose their passion.  
However, I got the exact opposite conclusion from the perspective of 'nobody's baby'.  
Since the baby is all of the teams, each member will put their best effort to care,  
develop, and understand because it means the baby also belongs to every individual.  
I think the junction of these two very apart conclusion is the size of the team.  
If the team's size exceed certain level, members will have negative consequences from the inner-source-like project.  
Therefore, it will be critical to define and manage the size of the team,  
in order to properlly implement the inner-source to the firm.

<hr>

# Part 2 Blog

We were glad that our PR had been approved but we faced some conflict issues.  
At the end, we were able to manage all the tangled problem by constant communicaiton.  
I also found the way to map the css structure with spotify app.  
Alex threw a question at the community discord channel regarding this issue  
and I was able to find the previous similar questions.  
Unfortunately, the 'devtool' was no longer supporting since this march.  
However, I found yesterday that 'remote dev' is still availble so we will start look into it.  
We had to change a lot of plans last thursday because css structure issue.  
However, we are still fixed on the goal 'make a new theme' but we are  
planning to reduce our size of amibition little bit.  
We will have a group meet at sunday again to discuss about the presentation  
at tuesday but also to talk about our project.  
My team is working really hard to make a progress and contribute to the project.  
I'm glad that I could be part of it.
