---
layout: post
title: Week 6 Blog Post
---

### Part 1

<p>Christopher Snider was ver inspiring and likeable person.  
First, I liked how he constantly lightened up mood throughout the speech.  
It really helped me to keep focus on what he's saying and kept me interested.  
Secondly, I admire what he does since his service practically help people  
who needs help and make their lives much better.  
As a person who runs the community for people with wounded heart,  
I trully inspired by his motive and how he expanded from chrome extension.  </p>

<p>Although, I couldn't able to ask about collaborative works related to other  
similar projects such as NightScout since he kind of undermined and  
didn't respect them.  
I thought he doesn't take others seriously as much as his own.  
Overall, I liked the goal, function, expansionabliity, design of Tidepool.  
If it's possible, I would like to contribute to this project too.  </p>

---

### Part 2

<p>The community was able to expand and became solid because it's open source project.  
As he mentioned, there are people who embraced the fact that they have to live with diabetes.  
But there are people who are still processing.  
It was eye opener when I heard that people with experience help new comers and helped them to settle in.  
I found that this lock-in strategy is really strong to not only attract new comers but also  
make a special bonding each other that makes them stay in that community.  
Since network effect is the key aspect for most of the IT project/start-ups,  
This type of community should be considered more seriously.  
</p>
