---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### Part 1

Code of Conduct certainly is helpful to prevent contributors to navigate in the wrong way.
It could also encrouge contributors to commit to the open source with safer environment.
Also it specifically mentions the standards, reponsibilities, the goal and pretty much
every aspect that the contributor should know before one invest time and effort into it.
It helps the contributor to decide whether this project is aligned and fit to him/herself.
Therefore, I would say Code of Conduct is benefitial for every open-source project and perhaps for a few close-source projects

Surprisingly, React Code of Conduct and Go Code of Conduct has same standards, Responsibilities, and scope.
I'm thinking they both using the same template. However, Go Code of Conduct has more information compared to the
React's. It introduces what's the project is about, it also suggeset methodology for when conflict occurs.

Go might altered to make sure minimize the chaos drives from conflicts.
If they set up the standard like this, there will be much less debate to solve the conflict.
Furthermore, it also implemented About section to reinforce their identity to the readers.
It's a very good tactic to not only give accurate information but also to prevent people who have different mindset.

(eclipse Code of Conduct is same as React's)

eclipse code of conduct: https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php

### Part 2

The add-on project was really fun and have lots of things to learn.
It's amazing to make program that can be implied right way in such short amount of time.
Also, it makes programming skills actually 'practical' since it directly alters
browers which is the most used application from my computer.
Now I could add features I would like to make.
Furthermore, I'm surprized how detail the tutorials and instructions were.
They considered many possiblities of errors and posted how to deal with it.
