---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

# Part 1 Project Reflection

Particularly, Group 6 was very impressive in several ways.  
First, I really liked how each member of the group has a respective task.  
Since the project is big and active enough, they choose a similar approach of ours.  
Also I liked how they started with less complicated tasks  
such as front-end related issues (navbar overflow)  
I also thought that translation is very useful for the  
project since open source tends to be stretched out to global.  
I can speak Korean and two of the other group members can speak  
Chinese so translation is a very powerful tool we can use to contribute to our project too.  
Group 6 is the most active and successful group of our class  
since they are not only taking on lots of issues but also creating many pull requests.  
There were a lot of things to learn from their presentation.

<hr>

# Part 2 Group Project

Our group recently made a huge leap.  
Thanks to the discord channel that Victoria found,  
I was able to figure out how to launch the remote dev tool  
which is critical to making a new theme. Thanks to the css mapping,  
we are now able to test our design to make a new theme such as moving menus to different places.  
The new theme will hide the friend feed tab and switch the playbar as a vertical position.  
I wouldn’t say this is practical design but it certainly gives fresh insights to the users.  
Also, we are going to make a couple of color schemes (which is the color themes).  
I hope we can work together far and good enough to make the PR.  
Besides the dev tool, there are a limited number of issues we can currently start work on.  
Therefore, we are planning to focus our attention solely on making the new theme by next thursday.
