---
layout: post
title: Week 5 Blog Post
---

### Part 1

The project that I had to evaluate was GNOME Clock.  
I was certainly surprised because I could find many interesting things from this activity.  
First of all, this project had two separate websites: one for regular users, one for the potential contributor.  
The first website mainly mentions about the feature, how to install, where to contact and etc.  
It supported various languages unlike the second website.  
The second website however, had information about source repos, how to contribute, their mission and etc.  
Furthermore, this project was particularly intersting because it seemed so simple but had enormous community with in the repo.  
Many people involved in this project and contributed with ther own way.  
It was amazing to realize that open-source is trully working as a global perspective.

### Part 2

I must say most of the projects were inspiring.  
The food computers, airBeam, none of these open source projects were lame.  
However, the nightScout was the one that stands out to me.  
The effect that this project can bring is very real and useful.  
It targeted precisely what people with diabetes in need of.  
I also liked how it got expanded just from changing alarm to providing insuline automatically.  
Lastly, the founder's story was impressive.  
She decided to make what she need instead of waiting endlessly.  
This is the spirit that I admire.  
Make what I need myself.  
Through these videos, I could realize how open source really can get people together.  
It expands the projects perspectives and guides the most desirable way by majorities demand.  
I loved to watch their successing stories.
