---
layout: post
title: Week 7 Blog Post
---

### Part 1

This week's discussion based on "The Cathedral and the Bazaar" was worth much more than I expected.  
I liked how professor extracted important concepts or topics from the essay and made us  
to discuss about it more straight forward.  
---
One of my favoriates is Release early. Release often.  
As a person who loves the idea of lean start up and agile deveioping,  
I can't agree more that looping the cycle is the key to success.  
However, when we had a disccusion about it, I encoutnered unexpected counter examples  
that successful business those are not based on this strategy.  
For example, Apple is one of the most closed and conservative business  
that is leading the field.  
I never thought of this even though I daily use their product and I knew how they operate the firm.  
---
"Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around" is my  
most valuable take away I believe.  
It made me realize how fundamental structure matters and should spend enought time on this.  
As we discussed in the class, jumping into writing the code might work for smaller project or  
even better for specific circumstances such as algorithm problems (you want to come up with   
working dumb solution first and make it smarter is what I learned)  
However, it still gives me a decent amount of signal that setting up properly from the start  
is crucial for successful project.  
There are many more things we discussed but I have to say I liked each one of them.  
---
I want to end this blog with a quote of "less is more".  
This magic quoate can be applied in every field, architecture, arts, coding, everywhere!  
Thanks to our discussion reminded me this simple but very powerful nature law :)





