---
layout: post
title: Hello open source world!
---

<h1> Open Source </h1>

<h2> what do YOU think about when you hear the term "open source"?</h2>

<p>
open source sounds like it's source code that opened to everyone.  
so that userse could use the code in order to make things faster.
</p>

<h2> what are some advantages of open vs. closed source?</h2>

<p>
open source is extremely expandable and costs nothing to improve it.  
However, it could be complicated and applied different styles since  
there are many contributors.  
On the other hand, closed source is more secured and protected from  
unwanted usage. However, it requires more money to build up.
</p>

<h2> what are some potential problems with open source?</h2>
<p>
Similar I mentioned above, it might have credential issue.  
Also, many contributors could cause spaghetti code.
</p>
<h2> why did you decide to register for a class about open source software development?</h2>
<p>
open source culture in computer science field is unique and the most  
powerful culture I ever encountered. It makes this career thrive and  
evolve faster than any other field. I wanted to know more about being  
part of them and wanted to contribute to this awesome culture. 😀
</p>
<h1> Projects</h1>

<p>
I'm not sure these are the open source projects since I learned what it 'means', but I surely have few libraries that made me to think that I should contribute this culture. (RN stands for React Native.)
</p>

<ul>
<li>https://github.com/stefalda/ReactNativeLocalization (RN Localization)</li>
<li>https://github.com/angelos3lex/react-native-smtp-mailer (RN smtp mailer)</li>
<li>https://github.com/wix/react-native-calendars (RN Calendars <- this is the best)</li>
<li>https://github.com/ivpusic/react-native-image-crop-picker (RN image crop picker)</li>
</ul>
