---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### Part 1

Git was always a something bit unclear but had to be used on daily basis.  
I had several personal projects including mobile game, webiste, apps, and stuff.  
I started to use git and github starting last year via github desktop.  
Therefore, I used github merely just as an archive. However, by learning about version control and what this 'really' means, I could see Github in different perspective.

<--more-->

Also, now I know why git had been made so could utilize it more wholesome way :)  
I had a few hardships while doing the excersise in class but, as always, google helped me out.  
Especially with the credential issue, setting account in git environment on my device is the only way to fix it I guess.  
I loved this week's material.

### Part 2

Jim Hall was really likable guy who explains things in interesting ways.  
The vague concept of open source had been more clear thanks to his explanation.  
Furthermore, the slight difference between free software and open source was interesting.  
They both are really share in common but all free software doesn't mean it's 'open source' since it may have different licenses.

<--more-->

Also, he talked about DOS a lot since it was the main theme.  
Listening about old OS and how he became programmer was interesting.  
As another self-taught programmer, I trully admire what he achieved and still developing it.  
Lastly, I really liked how he suggested detail solution for my question which was how to promote the open source project.  
Constant exposure to the online is the most crucial point in order to succesfully get interest via such as writing, posting, or even using social media.  
It was really a great time to have him as a guest.
